Adding support for an "only parsing" modifier in "where"-based notation (#11602)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/gallina-extensions.rst

   the default name :n:`Build_@ident`, where :token:`ident` is the record name, is used. If :token:`sort` is
   omitted, the default sort is :math:`\Type`. The identifiers inside the brackets are the names of
   fields. For a given field :token:`ident`, its type is :n:`forall @binders, @type`.

>    Remark that the type of a particular field may depend on a previous field. Thus the

Reviewer: This is not about your changes but I think that "Remark that" is a Frenchism and should be replaced by "Notice that"

Author: Thanks for all your remarks. Now integrated.

>    order of fields is important. The record can depend on :token:`binders` serving as parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   order of fields is important. The record can depend as a whole on parameter :token:`binders`
```

   and each field can also depend on its own :token:`binders`. Finally, notations can be attached to

>    field using the :n:`decl_notations` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a field using the :n:`decl_notations` annotation.
```

or

```suggestion
   fields using the :n:`decl_notations` annotation.
```
